Module localizations pr may 22 (#1295)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/CommutativeAlgebra/module_localizations.md

```@meta
CurrentModule = Oscar
```

```@setup oscar
using Oscar
```

```@contents
Pages = ["module_localizations.md"]
```

# Localizations of modules over computable rings

For localizations of modules, there exists a generic implementation of 
the common methods such as membership tests, kernel computations, etc. 
based on the work of Barakat, Posur, et. al; see [Pos18](@cite).

> Let $R$ be a ring of type `<:Ring`, $U \subset R$ a multiplicative set of type `<:AbsMultSet` 

Reviewer: Is it really necessary to say `of type `<:Ring` ? Isn't this always implied? OTOH I would say explicitly that the ring must be commutative.

Same for the other type: this is useful in methods, but aren't we describing the mathematics here?

```suggestion
Let $R$ be a commutative ring, $U \subset R$ a multiplicative set 
```

and $S = R[U^{-1}]$ the localization of $R$ at $U$. Recall that $R$ 
is *computable* if one can compute *syzygies* and *lifts* over $R$. 
The results from [Pos18](@cite), Theorem 3.9, assert that then also the localization $S$ is 
computable, provided that there exists a solution to the *localization problem* 
(Definition 3.8, [Pos18](@cite) and below). 

The user who wishes to use the generic code for 
localizations therefore has to make sure the following two 
requirements are met: 

>  1) The code for finitely generated modules and ideals must be functional over ``R``, including the computation of `coordinates` and `kernel`. 
> 
>  2) The user has to solve the *localization problem* by implementing `has_nonepmty_intersection(U::MultSetType, I::IdealType)` for the type `MultSetType` of multiplicative sets and the type `IdealType` of ideals in `R` that they would like to consider.

Reviewer: This should be a markdown list.

Also, I would not spell out the arguments in the second point. You could however think about using `@ref` to turn it into a link? That would also catch typos ("epmty" -> "empty")

```suggestion
 1. The code for finitely generated modules and ideals must be functional over ``R``, including the computation of `coordinates` and `kernel`. 

 2. The user has to solve the *localization problem* by implementing `has_nonempty_intersection` for the argument types that they would like to consider.
```

Reviewer: Ah OK, it only catches the typo if it is spelled right in the code, which it isn't there ;-).

(This would *never* happen to me. Never. *cough* *cough*)

```@docs
    has_nonepmty_intersection(U::AbsMultSet, I::Ideal)
```

> **Note:** In order to clear denominators of row vectors, the generic code uses the method `lcm(v::Vector{T})` where `T = elem_type(R)`. 

Reviewer: Again with these types. I think you need to decide: Are you writing documentation for users, or for implementors? I would keep these separate, and mark them clearly. E.g. there could be a section at the end of this file with implementation detail, and you can point to it at the start, too, but then leave the userfacing documentation free from these things...

Just my two cents, though, others might disagree?

If no such method already exists, this has to also be provided; in the worst case by simply returning the product of the denominators. 

As soon as the above requirements are met, the methods 

> ```@julia

Reviewer: What's this? Perhaps you meant this?
````suggestion
```julia
````
